new trailer posted for batman vs.
superman zack snyder the director he
posted it to his twitter account take a
look the world has been so caught up
with what he can do that no one has
asked what he should do
tell me do you plead
okay Wow all right lot to discuss but
first thoughts five words or less
anti-climactic pooper man really uh
looks super man I have a confession to
make what I just wanted to say pooper
man okay that's on I said that it looks
fine yeah I think I'm gonna get lots of
flack for saying this anti-climactic but
the reason I'm saying this is it's
coming like hot off a bunch of trailers
like Star Wars and I get that it's a
tease but it's not it got people excited
for the movie I think that's what it did
but it wasn't like everything I was
hoping for it because I do think this
movie is going to be great I just don't
think this was everything that got me
like and there is a lot of criticism the
choice of Ben Affleck I mean I feel like
people moved on since then but do you
think that this trailer has answered a
lot of those questions is it gonna be
dark not dark enough it's ben affleck
good at it Lazarus disses axe Neider
movie and from people who don't know
Zack Snyder did like three hundred and
sucker punch which are beautiful movies
like they are there so you can
demonstrate how awesome your home
theater system is that's it they're
playing in the Magnolia section of best
buy but like I I did see in this trailer
how Batman has to you know get his
together so he can fight against aliens
Superman I don't really buy the like
alien go home aspect of it I just don't
get that I can all that stuff feels
manufactured whenever it happens right
movie like that like people how could
you not like Superman he's pretty nice
what did you it's an interesting twist
though right if it's an unbelievable
interesting to it like I get it that's
the twist it has to be but did you like
the Superman movie though I like I liked
the look and feel of the Superman movie
it is a ridiculous film yeah I agree and
I do think that this trailer was very
visually stunning as well like the
opening shot was visually stunning it
was amazing but we didn't get too much
out of like what it's actually what's
gonna go down in the film yes so what
are they fighting about I don't know
what I seems like this is a downtime for
Batman which I get because Batman's the
you know his parents died in front of
them and he's weird enough to be just
like some guy who wants to dress like a
bat and I think they're saying if that
if that if you follow that through
past the time when he wants to save
people to write like people and if you
look at the pathology of it that's
brewing at Fred two points for bread
hilarious yes yeah that's that that's
funny ok so who do you guys think would
win between Batman and Superman I want
to give it to Ben Affleck and Batman I
just kind of want to see the Superman
movie for me was it was like great but
like visually stunning but I wasn't
obsessed so I kind of just want Batman
to take the cake I get that I think you
won me over to that side of the argument
I want Batman to be like oh cool I have
a lot of money I'm gonna buy like
kryptonite outfit no look I'll have it
on fleek and did you guys see that they
have the voice in the mask this time
around it was like it was deeper game it
was weird but it felt like he was on on
roids the thing I fell out of love with
the Chris Nolan Batman's on and then was
was one back with other aspects of the
movie but the part I think a lot of
people got onto was like the fact that
Batman just talking like this because
there's Craig I hate John said Batman
who you guys curing my house we've been
ID'd everybody from self I didn't really
like that this one Batman's talking like
this because he's got some kind of
machine in his gym you mentioned Batman
having a kryptonite suit right yeah we
know that he has unlimited resources he
is a genius he has a contingency plan
for everybody but did you know that bat
nets Superman gave Batman way back in
the comic book days his kryptonite ring
I want there to be somebody I can trust
to keep the planet safe
even for me just in case he went rogue
because Superman is so nice and so
thoughtful he was afraid if I ever go
rogue hey man here is my kryptonite ring
so he has it I don't know if what it is
about Zack Snyder movies were like Chris
Chris Nolan was like a consultant on the
last one mm-hmm so it didn't do it he
yeah you know it was fit as a fine film
it just gets really weird at the end if
you could pick a director to direct
Batman vs Superman who would you have
picked oh crap um you know Joss Whedon's
yes i like i like how Avengers movies
they're the right kind of camp right
with the right kind of just like screw
we're gonna blow a bunch of stuff yeah
all right you guys please let us know
what you thought of any Batman vs
Superman trailer and we'll see you guys
all next time on PopSugar